# The Password Storinator5000  

Simple and easy to use password generator
In today's world password is the most secure item of all time it protects everything from your internet banking to your smartphone to your email address.  
And you are living in 21st century and the new threat here is spam,identity-theft and all that bad stuff.    

So, In order to protect you from such bad things I have created a new GUI easy to use password storinator.  
This bad boy generates passwords and saves password with military grade protection.  
All you need to remember is one master password which will help you to access to all your valuable vault of password.  
***This is a program but don't use it as the key is given in source-code email me@blackviking.soapmactavish@gmail.com and I will handcraft a new Key for your personal vault***






[ + ] 31/03/2020 Added a Login page to the App.  
[ + ] 31/03/2020 Added a Landing page to the App where user can select what they want to do.  
[ + ] 31/03/2020 Added a the password generator page.  
[ + ] 01/04/2020 Added a new feature to hide the password generated by user.  
[ + ] 01/04/2020 Added Save and Exit Button to the password generator page.  
[ * ] 01/04/2020 Saving the data to a data.iso file in a native directory(Location will be changed later).  
[ - ] 02/04/2020 Fixing Minor Bug by disabling save button on password generator until user clicks generate.  
[ - ] 02/04/2020 Fixing Minor Bug by disabling save button when user clicks save in order to prevent duplicate entries and using same password everywhere.  
[ + ] 02/04/2020 Added a back button to the password generator page So, that users can go back to the landing page when they want.  
[ - ] 02/04/2020 Fixing Major Bug when there is no data.iso file the view password button on the landing page will be disabled.  
[ * ] 02/04/2020 Some Minor border and windows size changes.  
